---
layout: post
title: "Home"
author: "Blend"
categories: decoration
tags: [decoration]
image: nordroom/1.jpg
---

The master bed and bathroom are two large spaces in a Scandi style. The wooden ceiling bring extra warmth and there’s a lovely fireplace opposite the bed (why on earth would you ever leave the bed, right?)

Emily Henderson is a super talented interior stylist, writer and tv presentor. This year she and her husband decided to buy a beautiful home outside the city in Lake Arrowhead, California. The proces of redesigning this new family home was blogged about extensively and earlier this year all the rooms were revealed one at the time. So now that we have pictures of every space in this gorgeous new home I thought let’s make a blog post about it and dream away with this Scandinavian inspired home. Expect lots of wood and a light color scheme! (ps: because they’re not here that often they’re going to rent out their Mountain Home, check Emily’s website for more info)

Just because you have a small cooking space doesn't mean you have to de-prioritize the decor in your kitchen to make it functional. Even if your kitchen doesn't have spacious marble countertops, endless storage space, and an extra-large stainless steel fridge, you can maximize even the tiniest space with these clever small kitchen ideas that prove you can do more with less, without sacrificing style. The right interior design tricks and clever DIY solutions (open shelves! rolling kitchen islands! overhead pot-and-pan storage!) will help save space and turn a small galley kitchen into the cooking space of your dreams.